I'm sharing five ways your B2B SAS can
rank top of Google and finally drive a
steady flow of signups or
[Music]
demos hey I'm Sam Dunning founder over
at breaking bb.com and if you want to
join thousands of Legends enjoy my daily
newsletter past podcast episodes or if
you want to apply to work with us head
over to breaking B2B
doc so many B2B SAS companies fail to
drive a steady flow of demos or signups
from organic search leaving the sales
team and exec team frustrated I'm
showing the top five ways you can
utilize from today to make organic
search a top lead and sign up driver
let's dig
in so the first strategy when it comes
to driving High intent demos or signups
is is to go for keywords like best tool
or software that prospects use to
describe your offer so for example I've
looked up here best website demo
software but if you're in the calendar
scheduling World it might be best
calendar scheduling tool or best
calendar scheduling software or if
you're in the proposals game it might be
best proposal writing software or best
proposal writing tools so understanding
what prospects use when it comes to
describing your offer and then looking
to get ranked when they're searching for
the top the best versions of those tools
so typically the pages that rank for
these are in alytical format so if I
look for the organic number one ranking
when I search best website demo software
we've got testbox
tocom usually these are quite long form
pages so in this case they got nine best
interactive demo software for 2024
they've got a write up at the start
where they'll talk about what an
interactive demo is different typ B spit
about the buying Journey some spiel
about how video demo software can help
you and your sales team and help kind of
convert skeptical prospects and all that
good stuff so quite a lot of buildup and
then eventually they get into the listal
format where they assess nine best
interactive demos they position their
offer so in this case I'm looking at the
test box site is number one so what you
want to do is essentially compare when
you're building out these Target
keywords and you're looking to rank
these articles you want to see what's
ranking number one so if I wanted to
rank for best interactive demo software
or what was the keyword we're looking at
was best website demo software I would
assess what's ranking number one in
organic search in this case the test box
article I look for ways that I can one
up it so perhaps more information at the
start about how it helps prospects how
it can convert anxious people on your
website why it's useful for sales
enablement the feedback we get from
Prospect that they don't want to speak
to sales reps to 30 minutes before
actually testing and triing your offer
all that kind of good stuff in any
research we can weave in and then yeah
you want to make sure your offer is
positioned as number one that's going to
be the first people thing people see so
you want to give a clear summary of the
problems you fix the offer the benefits
all that good stuff have a nice
screenshot of your offering action and
then most importantly have a clear call
to action so have a nice clear graphic
saying look this is our value prop this
is the problem we fix here's a call to
action to get a free sign up or book a
free demo or test run with a sales rep
so ultimately positioning your offer as
the uh solution to those problems and
positioning number one and then you
underneath your number one you have the
remainder of the competitors in your
space so essentially if you want to rank
well for these terms see what's ranking
number one in organic search and look
for ways you can one up those articles
at every single angle more detail more
competitors more analysis perhaps some
unique stats these are really good way
to capture those High intent prospects
that are searching for the best variants
of your tool or your
software second way to capture High
intent signups and demos with Organic
search is to do your brand versus a
competitor or competitor name versus
your brand so in this case I'm looking
at organic search results for amplitude
versus factors AI factors AI one of
their offers is they allow you to
identify the B2B prospects that are
looking your website and then you can
tailor Outreach for your marketing and
your sales team to go after those High
intent prospects that in market for your
solution and then start marketing to
them to drive Pipeline and revenue
through those in Market prospects
visiting your site and more so looking
at that looking at amplitude versus
Factor's AI if I look at the top result
for Factor's AI basically they've got a
dedicated long form page long form
article that's fully focused on
amplitude versus Factor AI it compares
the features Compares a summary of each
explains what UD does explains what
factor AI does what I should mention as
well is both on this article and the
previous format for best X software or
best X tool is you've got to give an
unbiased aair review yes you can
position your product your offer your
solution as number one but don't start
dissing competitors or don't start
making up false claims you don't want to
get yourself in a legal battle or
anything like this this is common play
for SAS to do alternative keywords do
versus keywords do top keywords but make
sure you're fair when it comes to your
summaries so looking at amplitude versus
factors the long form page essentially
they talk about kind of how they stack
up against each other they've got
pictures they've got graphs they've got
comparison charts really goes into
detail about all the features the
differentation points of one of the
things you want to think about here is
your points of differentation so do you
solve more problems do you solve
different problems do you serve a
different ideal client profile do you
have more worthwhile features what's
some of the customer feedback that you
can Leverage What are the juicy
frustrations people come to with how are
you different in the marketplace is your
pricing different are you quicker to
implement do you offer more benefits do
you offer better Roi and all that good
stuff all these things people be
thinking about around the offer the
features the solution the Integrations
the support the pricing leverage that
and of course as people scroll you want
clear call to action so they can easily
sign up for a free trial or book that
demo because ultimately people are
comparing you to your main competitor
they're doing a versus search because
they want to see how you stack up they
want to see your points of
differentation so make sure you leverage
those consistently show those different
advantages you bring to the table and
make sure you keep having clear cool to
actions people to take the next step
along with social proofs of customer
case studies examples results customer
review videos and all that good stuff
and you want to exhaust this just like
in the best X tool or best X software
when it comes to your brand versus
competitor keywords or competitor versus
your brand keywords you want to exhaust
all the main keywords perhaps do a
search on G2 or trust era or trust
radius whatever is relevant software
comparison site understand who are all
your main competitors in your category
and exhaust all these possible keyword
phrases so you can capture all those
prospects comparing their options and
drive more signups and demos your
way
and the third strategy is going after
Alternatives keywords so in this case
I'm looking at my friend's Revenue
Heroes page they sponsor of the show
they allow prospects to go onto your B2B
website and instantly book a time with a
sales rep via a calendar avoiding the
email back and forth they can schedule
time with the sales rep that gets rooted
through to the right sales rep instantly
so they've got an article for chili
Piper Alternatives but if you're in the
calendar booking space you'd want to
exhaust and build a page for every
single competitor and have an
alternative keyword page for that so it
might be canaly Alternatives chili Piper
Alternatives HubSpot meetings
Alternatives and so on for every single
competitor so looking quickly at the
revenue hero chili Piper Alternatives
page and you'll notice with these
strategies a lot of it is exhausting
that bottom of the funnel so when people
are doing versus SE keywords Best in
Class keywords alternative keywords
they're solution aware they have the
problem that you fixed they're just at
that final stage where they want to
evaluate vendors so this is a chance to
show how you're different how your price
is different how your features are
different how you solve more problems
more value you bring to the table and
position your solution as the choice as
the one to go for reduce that anxiety
and drive that call to action so this a
lot of these is following a similar
process you'll see a theme throughout
this episode so briefly looking at the
revenue hero page much like the other
ones on that Alternatives chili Piper
Alternatives page they've got what a
calendar scheduling is all about why you
should can consider an alternative to
chili Piper for their raer and then it's
aisal so in this case they've got
one 2 three four five
6 7 8 9
10 yeah so 10 options there and just
like the others they position themselves
as number one they've got a summary of
kind of problems they fix how they're
helping features they bring to the table
benefits of using a can the software how
it can instantly book time with the
right rep avoid the end that's back and
forth on email of trying to get a good
time they've actually got a nice GIF
which is interactive their offer so
that's a good idea you can steal where
it shows how you can click through book
a demo and click into the calendar and
book that time the sales rep so rather
than a static image of their product
they've got a nice interactive gift that
shows the offer in action which people
want to see how it works before they
speak to a salesperson they summarize
the features the pros the advantages and
then they've got a nice graphic where it
says look easily route leads through to
the right rep instantly and then a cool
to action to book that demo and then
below they've got some cons pricing and
all that good stuff and then they flow
into the competitors so hopefully that's
giving you some ideas on why you should
consider alternatives keywords and how
they can capture that high intent
traffic signups and
demos four is to go Niche and Industry
specific for the offer that you provide
so this is a great way to rank for
what's longtail keywords and attract
prospects in the niches and the
industries that fit your idal client
profile that you really want to do
business with because you enjoy working
with them they drive good revenue and
they're an ideal client for you so I
recommend you list out all the main
industries you want to serve and the
main offers that you want to drive
towards them make a clear list and then
you can start working out what keywords
make sense for those and building out
those long form pages so different
sector as an example on my site breaking
bb.com we we've listed out we're working
on pages for all the main niches you
want to serve IE B2B SAS SEO B2B SAS web
development B2B web development we're
working on B2B fintech web design B2B
SEO for fintech so as you can see
there's a theme all the main Services
plus Industries we want to serve and
we've built out long form Pages for each
one with clearly shares kind of the
problem we
fix kind of why prospects might struggle
with SEO for their SAS or the B2B
company we've got a video walk we got
social proof of logos and Brands we've
helped and then we walk through our
process what's involved on page SEO link
building off-page SEO content creation
customer results some social proof then
we've got some pricing some examples and
some FAQs at the bottom so a real
detailed long form page but moving this
to SAS what you'll see is that sometimes
if you search so for example if I search
calendar booking tool for SAS so
calendar booking and then SAS is the
industry so calendar booking tool for
SAS which is the industry you'll see my
friends
Revenue hero ranking towards the top
again but this actually opens a listicle
so what you want to do is when you've
nailed down those offers plus Niche that
you want to rank for look at the search
intent so look what R what's ranking top
of organic search and unpaid results on
Google what is it is it lisal or is it a
long form page format understand what
Google wants to see and then build out a
page that surpasses what's ranking at
the moment so if someone's put together
let's say 10 best s SAS SAS in softwares
then you want to surpass that at every
angle possible maybe you do 15 maybe
your article's more in depth more
detailed more research driven and of
course you position your offer as top
just like we talked about in the last
ones but if I search for a different
keyword for example proposal software
for construction that's proposal
software for construction panda a top of
organic search but with this one it's
not holisticals again that's why you
want to check the intent behind the
search see what's ranking ready is it a
detailed offer page is it a listic or is
it something else and then you know what
type of page you need to rank and build
out um so with the panda do construction
proposal software they've got a super
long form page that kind of shares what
it does the Suites and tools that they
use the features results you can expect
social proof they've got some FAQs at
the bottom about security pricing how
the process works and more so yeah this
is a few ideas for how you can attract
those High intent prospects make sure
you do search on Google first understand
what the intent is then build out that
long form page to surpass your
competitors then you can start capturing
those Niche specific idal clients and
drive demos and signups that
way and the fifth and final tip is about
making impactful how-to Pages how-to
articles using the jobs to be done
framework jobs to be done is a killer
framework all about understanding not
what people buy but why people buy so
it's all about understanding how they
were getting the job done before they
used your offer product or solution and
that Tipping Point where they stopped
making progress realized a problem was
becoming so frustrating so painful so
annoying that they had to make a change
to then be able to continue and make
some progress with that job so it's all
about researching helps if you run
customer interviews with recently
onboarded clients and customers so you
can understand
how they were getting the job done
before using your offer what was that
Tipping Point what were they doing what
was the work around until they then
realized that maybe they were losing
Revenue maybe things were slowing down
they were losing headcount or whatever
that terrible thing was and why they
decided to flip to your solution and
then creating howto content howto
articles to hit that so let's pretend
you run a bdr or SDR team you've got a
team of cold coolers that are trying to
generate appointments Maybe
the issue was let's say you provide a
dialing solution so you provide a
solution where they can chuck in a bunch
of contact cell phone numbers and they
can easily make 200 or so dials within
an hour let's say so your target
prospects job to be done might be making
x amount of calls so they can hit their
conversations Target to then hit their
appointments Target to then hit their
revenue numbers but they might not
realize that a power dialer is such a
solution or device so they might be
researching how they can make more dials
to cell phone numbers within a certain
amount of time so they might search on
Google something like how to make more
B2B dials to cell phone numbers that
would be a crispy job to be done you
would have leveraged that from your
customer research because that's
something they were doing before they
knew about your offer so you make an
article targeting that keyword in the
article you quickly talk about how you
can actually do it then you talk about
the impact fact of manually dialing on a
mobile phone or a cell phone it's super
slow it takes time it's frustrating for
your reps cost you resources time money
instead consider utilizing our power
dialer this is the solution this is how
it speed things up massively only x
amount per month get a free sign up but
or book your free demo here and it's
positioning your offer as a solution to
the pain point and showing the impact of
what happens if they don't fix it and
how it can improve the job get that job
done so that's jobs to be done all about
understand in customers why they buy
what is stopping them from making their
progress and then building out a ton of
different howto articles all around how
they get the job done now and they're
positioning your offer as the solution
the good thing about that is it's
searchable content it's Evergreen it can
drive traffic and leads not just now but
for months and years to come very much
like YouTube when you create YouTube
content around howtos it's searchable
provides that value educates and then
positions your offer as the solution
and there you have it I hope these five
tips have given you some actionable
strategies on how you can start ranking
top of Google Driving quality traffic to
your B2B SAS site and most importantly
start scaling those demo requests and
signups as always if you enjoyed the
episode of rating or review is much
appreciated and to check out my daily
newsletter or apply to work with us head
over to Breaking B2B
cheers for tuning in catch you
[Music]
soon